git-lock: add page (#6756)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-lock.md

# git lock

> > Lock git from following changes of a local file.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
> Lock a file in a Git repository from being modified by a commit.
```

> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-lock>.

> - Disable the ability to commit changes of a local file:

Reviewer 2: Does it also prevent from pulling changes from remote?

Author: No

> `git lock {{file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git lock {{path/to/file}}`
```
